# ROKCBot

This is the code for a bot and supporting tools for doing analysis of the /r/Okcupid subreddit.

Data from the sub used to be compiled using SubredditArchiver.py. It would be run every few days and get data for any days it had not yet analyzed.

Now data from the sub is compiled by SubredditLiveStream.py which runs continuously and logs comments as they come in.

The other files are ruby programs which read in the files generated by the python program in order to perform given peices of analysis.

What output looks like

Comment Count and Rank:
- The number of comments posted to the sub since Feb 21st, 2017, the day the SubredditLiveStream program went live, as well as where that puts you rank wise.

CJ Score and Rank:
- This score is menat to capture how much a member of the CJ you currently are. It is the number of comments made, plus replies to your comments. Comments and replies made more recently are weighted more heavily.

Fans:
- People who have replied to you and how many times.

Crushes:
- People you have replied to and how many times

Stalks:
- People you comment on more than they comment on you.

Stalked by:
- People who comment on you more often than you comment on then.

If your CJ rank is in the top 100 I do some more weighting to normalize for people who just reply to everyone.

Your true fans:
- This number represents the percent of their replies made to the people in the CJ (top 100) that are to you.

Your true crushes:
- This number represents the percent of your replies made to the people in the CJ (top 100) that are to the person.

The true crush/true fan numbers are calibrated to be percentages of the strongest relationship in the sub in order to make the numbers more representative so the higest possible score is 100.
